Add code search tutorial (#661)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/demo/demo-4.md

---
draft: false
title: Semantic code search
short_description: Searching over Qdrant source code using semantic search

> description: Navigating an unknown codebase can be a daunting task. This demo shows how to implement a semantic search application for code search tasks, using two different neural encoders. The demo uses a general-purpose sentence transformer and a code-specific model to allow both natural and code-like queries and cover a broader spectrum of possible interactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: It can be difficult to go through an unknown codebase. This demo shows how to implement a semantic search application for code search tasks, with two neural encoders. These encoders are a general-purpose sentence transformer and a code-specific model. This supports both natural and code-like queries, which covers a broad range of interactions.
```
